[News] 2021-07-13 (#636)
sider/sider-docs: docs/tools/php/phpmd.md

- `naming`
- `unusedcode`

> If omitted, Sider uses the [recommended ruleset](https://github.com/sider/runners/blob/HEAD/images/phpmd/sider_recommended_phpmd.xml).

Reviewer: [suggestion] Same here.

```suggestion
If omitted, Sider uses the [recommended ruleset](#default-configuration-for-phpmd).
```
